Update README.md (#5684)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 12/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/setup/upgrading/version-specific/README.md

   * `/umbraco/UmbracoWebsite`
   * `/umbraco/config/lang`
   * `/umbraco/config/appsettings-schema.json`

>    * If upgrading Umbraco Forms (from 9.* to 10.*) delete ‘/App_Plugins/UmbracoForms’
> 4. Deploy the site how you normally would to your public facing environment.
> 5. Start the site. At this point it will launch and upgrade the database, after which the site should become accessible and your upgrade is complete.
> 6. Check the logs for any errors which may have occurred during the upgrade process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If you are using Umbraco Forms, update your files and folders according to the [Upgrading - version specific](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-forms/installation/version-specific) for version 10 article.
5. Deploy the site how you normally would to your public facing environment.
6. Start the site. At this point it will launch and upgrade the database, after which the site should become accessible and your upgrade is complete.
7. Check the logs for any errors which may have occurred during the upgrade process.
```
